Let's go in and get something.
Ah Yaoyao, this is the box we prepared for you
How is it?
It's good, it's really a little small.
But it doesn't matter.
We're looking for fun, right?
Come on
Well, I asked them to upgrade the box.
Students are willing to help you celebrate today's consumption
Let me get this.
Brother Gao Yang
Better box
You need to recharge to enter.
Top boxes need to be recharged by more than 10 million
And make an appointment in advance
Premium rooms do not need to be reserved
But you also need to recharge more than 3 million
The last box should be recharged more than 1 million
A private room is so expensive
Why don't we just stay here?
You think it's fine
It's okay, I'll ask the waiter.
Do you need to make a reservation for the top private room?
Ouch Yaoyao
Because Weibo is too kind to you, right?
Yes
Hello, waiter. Hello, sir.
Do you need to make a reservation for the top box on your side?
There is only one top box.
Tonight, our boss will stay with a friend to explain.
I'm so sorry.
You can choose between a premium box and a premium box.
Then the premium box
Premium boxes need to be recharged 3 million or more
Ah.
Okay, let's open one first
Take them to rest
I'll change it with you.
Ok, no problem, please today.
You go to the box first
Let me take this.
Here's your card, sir. Thank you.
Box